Momuno/lts documentation update (#2055)
Azure/azure-iot-sdk-c: readme.md

  - [Support](#support)
  - [Read more](#read-more)
  - [SDK Folder Structure](#sdk-folder-structure)
- [Releases](#releases)

>   - [Features and security updates](#features-security-updates)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Features and Security Updates](#features-security-updates)
```

Reviewer: Also link is broken

>   - [New features and critical bug fixes](#new-features-and-critical-bug-fixes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [New Features and Critical Bug Fixes](#new-features-and-critical-bug-fixes)
```

Author: Will review all titles and capitalize.

>   - [Long Term Support](#long-term-support)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Long Term Support (LTS)](#long-term-support)
```

>     - [LTS schedule](#lts-schedule)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [LTS Schedule](#lts-schedule)
```

>   - [Release example](#release-example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Release Example](#release-example)
```
```suggestion
  - [Release Examples](#release-example)
```

Contains libraries that provide modeling and JSON serialization capabilities on top of the raw messaging library.

# Releases

> The C SDK offers releases for new features, critical bug fixes, and Long Term Support (LTS). General bug fixes will not receive a separate release. Versioning follows [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/), `x.y.z.` or `major.minor.patch`. Any time the version is updated, it will be tagged `x.y.z`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The C SDK offers releases for new features, critical bug fixes, and Long Term Support (LTS). General bug fixes will not receive a separate release and are contained in the LTS release. Versioning follows [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/), `x.y.z` or `major.minor.patch`. Any time the version is updated, it will be tagged `x.y.z`.
```

Contains libraries that provide modeling and JSON serialization capabilities on top of the raw messaging library.

# Releases

The C SDK offers releases for new features, security updates, and Long Term Support (LTS). General bug fixes will not receive a separate release. Versioning follows [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/), `x.y.z.` or `major.minor.patch`. Any time the version is updated, it will be tagged `x.y.z`.

## Features and security updates

New features and security updates will be released on the main branch. These releases will be tagged using the date formatted `yyyy-mm-dd`. A feature release will bump the `minor` version and reset the `patch` version to 0. A security update will bump the `patch` version only.

## Long Term Support

> New LTS releases branch off of main every six months and will be tagged `LTS_<mm_yyyy>_Ref01`. A new LTS release will inherit the existing version from the main branch. LTS branches are named `lts_mm_yyyy` for the month and year the branch was created. The lifetime of an LTS branch is one year, afterwhich the branch is deleted.

Reviewer 2: "inherit the version from the main branch at the time of the release." ?

Reviewer 2: I would suggest not embedding the lifetime or frequency of the releases in the text like this.
It better be all in the table we keep, and you can add a reference in the description here for the frequency and lifetime. It will be more consistent, and easier to maintain in the future.

Author: I'm confused, as your comment suggests adding a reference to frequency and lifetime but also says not to include it.  Can you please clarify for me what you mean? Also, lifetime and frequency were mentioned prior to my change.

Per the "inherit" bit, do you mean to use what you posted in place of what I have on line 233, or are you asking why I added in that info?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
New LTS releases branch off of main every six months and will be tagged `LTS_<mm_yyyy>_Ref01`. A new LTS release will inherit the version from the main branch at the time of the release. LTS branches are named `lts_mm_yyyy` for the month and year the branch was created.
```

Author: I see, just keep those specifics in the table.

> An updated LTS release will occur when a security fix is ported from the main branch. These updated releases will be tagged in the same manor, except for a bumped Ref##, e.g. `LTS_<mm_yyyy>_Ref02`. The `patch` version will also be bumped. No new features and no general bug fixes will be ported to an LTS update.

Reviewer 2: `No new features and no general bug fixes will be ported to an LTS update.`

That's not completely accurate.
A security-related bug (ie, a bug that can be exploited by an attacker) is a critical bug.
Not every critical bug is a security bug (a crash for example. It will disrupt a system, but it is not a security attack).
We generally port security and critical bugs into LTS updates.

Author: Thanks for the clarification.

### LTS schedule

Below is a table showing the mapping of the LTS branches to the packages released.

  | Package | Github Branch | LTS Tag | LTS Status | LTS Start Date | Maintenance End Date | Removal Date |
  | :-----: | :-----------: | :-----: | :--------: | :------------: | :------------------: | :----------: |
  | vcpkg: 2021-08-18 | lts_07_2021 | LTS_07_2021_Ref01 | Active | 2021-08-11 | 2022-08-11 | 2022-08-11 |
  | vcpkg: (unreleased) | lts_01_2021 | LTS_01_2021_Ref01 | Active | 2021-01-21 | 2022-01-21 | 2022-01-21 | |

> ## Release example

Reviewer 2: Although detailed and informative, this seems like too extensive. Could it be simplified? Also most of the versioning info should already be known by customers once you inform them we follow semver guidelines.

Author: Sure thing. 
Original table (not shown in this PR) had 6 of the 7 columns: package, github branch, lts status, lts start date, maintenance end date, removal date.  (See commit d28aca1d2e195fea3ec1b16cf6d403e378363dab.)

What if we do package, LTS tag (which can be removed once vcpkg is named the same as the LTS tag), lts start date, and maintenance end date? 4, eventually 3 columns. Or is github branch preferred over LTS tag?

Reviewer 2: Sounds great! Thanks.
